Hello, is that Miss Ning?
My mother is autistic
I haven't seen you yet. You'd better call later.
She has children
Mr. Buddha, are you looking at a married man this time?
Am I really mistaken?
How did you
Three years ago, I left the recipe for Congealing Pills
Let the medicine of dreams
Yiyue became the first pharmaceutical company in the capital
I haven't seen you for three years, you don't remember me
Miss Ning, you are finally back.
I've been waiting for you to come back and accept the group
Okay, okay, stop wagging your tail here
The king wants to monopolize the formula
How much black money did you make?
I only give you 3 days.
The compensation
The donation
Hurry up and wash the group for me
otherwise
Just wait for you to die
you
understand